[CI] Add a clear deadline (#19562)
coq/coq: dev/ci/README-users.md

Coq's CI. This means that:

- Any time that a proposed change is breaking your project, Coq

>   developers and contributors will send you patches to adapt it (only
>   for plugins) or

Reviewer: It can happen that patches are sent for libraries as well, so maybe change to:

```suggestion
  developers and contributors will send you patches to adapt it (systematically
  only for plugins) or
```

- Your project is publicly available in a git repository and we can easily
  send patches to you (e.g. through pull / merge requests).

- You react in a timely manner to adapt to the few requested changes

>   required by Coq developers (in a 7 days timeframe) or to integrate their patches.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  required by Coq developers or to integrate their patches (in 7 days for simple requests).
```

Reviewer: This is changing the meaning of the policy, and we don't know who is to judge what is a simple request, so why not rather say:
```suggestion
  required by Coq developers or to integrate their patches (in a 7 days timeframe,
  unless you request more time or Coq developers give you longer, e.g., in case
  of more complex changes).
```

Author: I agree, I tried something.
